FF132 fetchpriority docs updates (#36142)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/link/index.md

The HTTP **`Link`** [entity header](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Entity_header) field provides a means for serializing one or more links in HTTP headers. This header has the same semantics as the HTML {{HTMLElement("link")}} element. The benefit of using the `Link` header is that the browser can start preconnecting or preloading resources before the HTML itself is fetched and processed.

> In practice, most [link types](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel) don't have an effect in the HTTP header. For example, the `icon` relation only works in HTML, and `stylesheet` does not work reliably across browsers (only in Firefox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, most [link types](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel) don't have an effect on the HTTP header. For example, the `icon` relation only works in HTML, and `stylesheet` does not work reliably across browsers (only in Firefox).
```

Reviewer: Or am I wrong? Feels like a weird phrasing when you first read it. But now I'm not so sure.

Author: Fix is wrong, but the fact is that this could be more clear. Wr.t. in or on, I see your point - I think "in" is more right, but avoiding the question by using "with" :-)

```suggestion
In practice, most [`rel` link types](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel) don't have an effect when used with the HTTP header. For example, the `icon` relation only works in HTML, and `stylesheet` does not work reliably across browsers (only in Firefox).
```

Link: <https://one.example.com>; rel="preconnect", <https://two.example.com>; rel="preconnect", <https://three.example.com>; rel="preconnect"
```

### Controlling fetch priority

Even when using [`preload`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload) to fetch a resource as early as possible, different types of content will be fetched earlier or later based on the browser's internal prioritization.
The [`fetchpriority`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link#fetchpriority) attribute can be used to hint to the browser that a particular resource will have a greater or lesser relative impact on user experience than other resources of the same type.

> For example, the header below might be used to preload `style.css` at higher priority than other stylesheets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the header below might be used to preload `style.css` with a higher priority than other stylesheets:
```

```http
Link: </style.css>; rel=preload; as=style; fetchpriority="high"
```

> Note that both the internal prioritization for fetching resources and the effect of the `fetchpriority` are browser dependent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that both the internal prioritization for fetching resources and the effect of the `fetchpriority` parameter are browser-dependent.
```

Author: I think I got into the habit of using `fetchprority` as a synonym for "fetch priority". In HTTP we refer to the parameter as a directive.

```suggestion
Note that both the internal prioritization for fetching resources and the effect of the `fetchpriority` directive are browser-dependent.
```

> The `fetchpriority` attribute should be used sparingly, and only in cases where a browser would be unable to infer that a particular resource should be treated with a different priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fetchpriority` parameter should be used sparingly, and only in cases where a browser cannot infer that a particular resource should be treated with a different priority.
```

Reviewer: In the context of the HTTP header, would it be a parameter? "Parameters" is used earlier on the page. Or in HTTP terms, would "directive" be more accurate? In any case, "attribute" probably isn't right.

Author: Directive! Good catch.

```suggestion
The `fetchpriority` directive should be used sparingly, and only in cases where a browser would be unable to infer that a particular resource should be treated with a different priority.
```
